---
layout: magazine
title: Ignite the author in you
author: Staff correspondent 
affiliation: vidhyalayam.online
subTitle: Vidhyalayam.online is looking for articles, essays, bogs that could benefit our student community 
abstract: Students teachers and parents ignite the author in you, Vidhyalayam.online is looking for articles, essays, bogs that could benefit our student community. Our student community primarily consists of Kerala state syllabus students and teachers and we looking for articles that are focused on this group. You can email your articles to editor@vidhyalayam.online.
date : Sep 22, 2020
topic: news
imageLink: https://vidhyalayam.online/img/magazine/author.png
---

Students teachers and parents ignite the author in you, Vidhyalayam.online is looking for articles, essays, bogs that could benefit our student community. Our student community primarily consists of Kerala state syllabus students and teachers and we looking for articles that are focused on this group. 

Students teachers and parents, ignite the author in you, Vidhyalayam.online is looking for articles, essays, bogs that could benefit our student community. Our student community consists of Kerala state syllabus students/ teachers.
The articles could be as generic as " how to manage time for students" or specific content related to a  class and subject e.g. "formula summary for STD 10 Physics" or a like. We are also looking for educational content that could include class notes, solutions, questions and answers, question papers, etc that could benefit our children for the good.  The article can be written in English or Malayalam.
 As a token of credit, we will be publishing your name as an author along with your institution.  You can email your articles to editor@vidhyalayam.online  .  The publication of any material submitted will be at the sole discretion of our editorial team. By submitting material for publication, you also guarantee that you are the original copyright holder of the work in question, and you own the legal rights to use the information.

We have a large viewer base that triggers around 22K pageviews/ month accessed by students, teachers, and parents spread across 229 cities / 29 countries, and our user base is going day by day. We are a social startup hence we will not be offering any remuneration for the articles written and this is pure pro bono, voluntary activity. Please read our teams and Condition before submitting nay article for review.

Terms and conditions for Submission of articles for publication on the articles
Students, parents , teachers, or nay well-wisher  may submit material under the following conditions:
Disclaimer – Under no circumstances or in any way can https://vidhyalayam.online/ team members, founders or our editors' be responsible for any articles and Publications, or persons otherwise affiliated with the aforementioned be held liable in respect of any material submitted and published at this Blog, and cannot be held responsible for its content and accuracy by a User. Nonetheless, we will, if notified and having satisfied ourselves of the bona fides of the notification, remove any content that might constitute a legal violation, such as material submitted in potential breach of copyright.
Copyright – By submitting material for publication, you guarantee that you are the original copyright holder of the work in question, and you own the legal rights to use the information. As such, we have no legal liability regarding any copyright claims but will simply remove offending articles as/when we are advised of any breaches.
Review – Any material submitted will be reviewed by https://vidhyalayam.online/  editorial team, which decides on its publication. The publication of any material submitted will be at the sole discretion of our editorial team and vidhyalayam.online  team management.
Reservation of Rights – We reserve the right to accept, reject, or remove any material submitted for publication with no explanation.
Offensive content – Any material deemed defamatory, racist, or otherwise illegal or offending will in any case not be approved for publication.
Non-exclusive license for publication – By submitting materials, you grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license to republish any material you submit to us in any format, including without limitation print and electronic format. In particular, you agree that we can make it available in this Blog as well as in any other vidhyalayam.online  publications and/or media or social media, provided that due credit is given to the author.
E-mails – It is a requirement of our submission process that you agree to receive occasional e-mails from us. If any of these notification e-mails are returned, we may refuse or withdraw the publication.
Acknowledgment – You acknowledge that any breach of the abovementioned warranties may cause us damage or loss and you agree to indemnify us in full and permanently against any third party liabilities, claims, costs, loss, or damage we incur as a result of publishing material you submit to us, including consequential losses.